Sure, here's an example of how you can implement i18n localization with Ionic and Vue 3 for German and English:

First, install the necessary dependencies:

graphql

npm install --save @ionic/vue@5.6.11 @ionic/vue-router@5.6.11 @ionic/vue@5.6.11 vue-i18n@9.1.6

Then, create a locales folder in your project directory and add two files, en.json and de.json, with the translations for English and German respectively. For example:

en.json:

json

{
  "welcome": "Welcome to my app!",
  "greeting": "Hello, {name}!"
}

de.json:

json

{
  "welcome": "Willkommen in meiner App!",
  "greeting": "Hallo, {name}!"
}

In your main App.vue file, import the necessary dependencies and create a VueI18n instance with the translations:

php

<template>
  <ion-app>
    <ion-header>
      <ion-toolbar>
        <ion-title>{{ $t("welcome") }}</ion-title>
      </ion-toolbar>
    </ion-header>

    <ion-content>
      <p>{{ $t("greeting", { name: "John" }) }}</p>
    </ion-content>
  </ion-app>
</template>

<script>
import { IonicVue } from '@ionic/vue';
import { createRouter, createWebHistory } from '@ionic/vue-router';
import { createI18n } from 'vue-i18n';
import Home from './views/Home.vue';

const router = createRouter({
  history: createWebHistory(),
  routes: [
    { path: '/', component: Home }
  ]
});

const i18n = createI18n({
  locale: 'en',
  fallbackLocale: 'en',
  messages: {
    en: require('./locales/en.json'),
    de: require('./locales/de.json')
  }
});

export default {
  name: 'App',
  components: {},
  setup() {
    return { }
  },
  created() {
    console.log('App created');
  },
  router,
  i18n
};
</script>

In this example, we're importing IonicVue, createRouter and createWebHistory from @ionic/vue-router, and createI18n from vue-i18n. We're also creating a simple Ionic header and content with some localized text.

Finally, we create a createI18n instance with the default locale set to English, and the translations for both English and German. We also add this i18n instance to the Vue instance.

To switch between languages, you can use the i18n.locale property:

php

<button @click="changeLanguage('en')">English</button>
<button @click="changeLanguage('de')">Deutsch</button>

<script>
export default {
  name: 'Home',
  setup() {
    const changeLanguage = (locale) => {
      i18n.locale = locale;
    };

    return { changeLanguage };
  }
};
</script>

In this example, we're creating two buttons that call a changeLanguage function when clicked. This function sets the i18n.locale property to either 'en' or 'de', which will update the localized text in the app.

That's it! With this setup, you can easily add more translations for other languages by adding more files to the locales folder and updating the messages property in the createI18n instance.

